the final Journey for American Turkish
activist
AA her body is taken to her family home
in didim the town where she was
born now the place where she will be
laid to
rest inside her mother says Aur went to
the occupied West Bank to promote peace
only to lose her
life the only thing I ask about
government is to seek Justice for my
daughter may my daughter's blood not be
spilled in vain and let those who killed
my daughter be
punished it's not just family here
grieving the activist body is taken to
didm Central mosque for prayer in a
Cuffin wrapped in the Turkish flag and
carried by soldiers a ceremony usually
reserved for fallen
troops thousands including senior
political figures gathered to pay their
respect to the 26
yearold the Turkish Parliament speaker
said the killing of aishen was not a
mistake of Israeli soldiers but a crime
of a terrorist
State Aur was a representative of the
struggle of the Palestinian people the
blood of Aur will not be spill in vain
and her killing will be investigated
internationally we will demand Justice
from aanu Mur murderers in all
International
courts but for now this was a moment to
pay their respects the congregation
followed the one carrying A's body to
the cemetery they want to show
solidarity with the AI family and assure
them that they are not
alone her father is among MERS barely
keeping up while his daughter is laid to
rest this is where a Shan's Journey ends
her family is struggling to accept that
she's gone they say the only thing that
could ease their pain is to see Aur
Killers brought to
Justice alaz did him in Iden
Province make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz